User Login User Story:
  As a user, I want to be able to create and login into an account where I can store the art that I have previously generated and albums that I have 
  previously uploaded. To do this, I want to to be able to use my email to create a verified profile that is password protected. Upon entering the application,
  I am able to sign into my account, or create an account. The sign in page asks for my username and password and gives me the ability to reset my password if I forget 
  it by sending me an email to reset password. The create an account page asks for my email, a username and a password. When creating my account, if my email 
  or username is already in use, I will be unable to create an account and notified. When signing in, if I get my password wrong, an error message will display. As a 
  signed in user, I will be able to access my profile account where I can access previous art works that I have generated and link to my Spotify account. 



Link to Spotify User Story:
  As a signed in user, I want to be able to link to my Spotify account in order to access my playlists that I want to generate art for. To do this, I will be
  able to link to my Spotify account after creating an account. I will be able to link to my spotify through my profile page, or will be asked to when I go to 
  generate art. When linking my account, if the Spotify account does not exist or the authorization doesn't work, I will be given an error message and prompted
  to try again.



Select Playlist User Story:
Once a user logs into their Spotify account, the user will be able to upload a link to one of their Spotify playlists. 
A user can select a specific playlist that they are wishing to generate an arkwork for through their Spotify account. 
If the playlist link doesn't upload properly, an error message will pop up asking the user to re-upload their link. 
If the user accidentally selects a wrong playlist, they can stop generating and try re-uploading.




Gen Art User Story
    Once user has logged in, linked a Spotify account, and selected a playlist, the user will be presented with
    the option to generate art for that selected playlist based on sentiment and mood that will be gathered from
    the Spotify API. They will have options to generate art based off any number of tracks from the playlist or entire
    playlist. They may select some tracks to use or, for example, set app to take the first 5 tracks. The process 
    will be to press a button to generate the playlist art picture. When everything goes right, the server should 
    send a picture to the client and their screen will update with a potential picture that they may choose to download,
    or there will be another button to regenerate a new picture. Once the new picture is regenerated, it will appear on 
    their screen again. If something were to go wrong, the client would be presented with an error screen and should be 
    prompted to reselect the playlist and try again.


Download Art User Story
    Once the user has logged in, linked a Spotify account, selected a playlist, and generated satisfactory art
    for that playlist, the user will have the option to save and download the generated art as a file stored
    locally. There will be a button to click if they want to download and it will prompt them with a screen
    asking which file format they would like, name of picture, and where they would like to download the file 
    locally (e.g. download as a .png file to desktop or as .jpeg file to downloads folder). If everything goes
    right, it will download into the desired location in the desired format. If the download were to go wrong, it
    will prompt the user with an error message and tell them to please wait and try again.
